We work together on our newspaper articles, and she reads everything that I write critically and as an editor, and she gets me furious sometimes because she's a part of the creative process, but it's very good.
I really don't want to oppose too heavily on Dr. Bettman's time.
No, we'd want to go out and have a little bite if you can make it.
But I would just, if you could just talk briefly about Bach, just a little bit about, to distinguish between how your interest in the photography... Bach is an absolute overman, and it's simply my conviction that we are set on earth...
simply to make a little aura of chaos everything is fairly chaotic chaotic chaotic yes he starts with a theme and develops it and it must always be in the same tonality in the same spirit the theme is carried through
It goes up, up into our forms of variations, but it always comes back that star.
Bach always brings us back to life.
Beethoven doesn't do that.
He starts out and he shoots it up into the subspace.
Bach is confined, small, in his melodic inventions, perhaps.
But when he gets hold of a theme, maybe a chorale or some other form of musical performance, he always, everything is in such wonderful order.
And that's what life is not.
And what did God do when he started the world?
He made Orva out of chaos, didn't he?
Yeah.
Not very successful already.
And I get this wonderful feeling of Orva and everything he writes.
So I can show you a little film how the Batman archive looks today, or will you go there?
It's in New York, isn't it?
Yes, we can go there.
Yeah, you should really see it.
Who should I see?
Mr. What's his name?
He's the son-in-law of Mr. Krauss.
That's in New York, right?
Mr. Herb Gestalver.
G-E-S-T-E-A-L-D-E-R.
I'll be in New York next week, all week.
I've got a couple of free days.
Maybe I can do that.
I don't know what's happening there.
I have a little film about it that a German did, but I don't think it's overly interesting.
It's just...
peculiar that this little cigar box that I started, also greatly inspired by my father, started with medical pictures, which I, as a young boy, simply as a joke, I went to his waste paper basket, and there were all these prospectuses of medical firms and a lot of medical...
medical material in it taintings to dress it up and i i clipped these out and made my own boyish picture history of medicine out of it and this really started me then to seriously collect medical pictures it was one of the successful first successful
aspect of the Bettmann Academy, started with the Pictorial History of Medicine.
I think you have seen it.
I have.
And you did this before you came to the United States.
This is why you were still here.
No, I did it here.
Oh, okay.
You know, often you struggle so much for acceptances when in other books you
You just hit it right one time.
I think it was one of the first ventures medical publishers not into.
It's no, I've read Knopf or Henry Old.
But he said, yeah, I want to do that.
And I don't give advances, but I have found that if you give advances,
You'll never get a book.
Briefly, because I think it's very important.
Did you have a hard time?
Selling this book?
Yes.
You did pedal it around a bit?
It had been under contract to Random House at one point, and that editor left and went to another house, and I became an orphan.
And then they didn't want the book.
Well, that very often happens.
They canceled the contract, and I got to sell it all over again, which I didn't know.
Oh, this is really highly regarded.
This is very fine.
One of the few really great houses that hasn't been absorbed by others.
They've maintained their identity, and they still want to do good books, and to do them well, and I couldn't be happier with them.
They're really textbook publishers, actually, mostly.
What my editor said, the young man who bought this book, he said, I don't care if it sells 3,000 copies.
He said, it's a book that deserves to be published and to be published well, and for that,
They have my undying loyalty, really.
They want to do another one.
There must be a market for friends.
We were lucky.
We were lucky that Random House didn't want, because look at the beautiful job.
You were ambitious and had the right idea, and we went this way.
How long did it take you?
Eight years?
I did 250 interviews like this, and of people who we talked to.
I have 250 hours of tape or something, thousands of pages of research.
But I hate to hear myself in my own tapes.
It's a real book, but I'm really, these things are really drunk.
My wife saw the story about you first in the New York Times, and she said, we have to go see this man in Florida.
for the next book.
And when I read it, I said, my God, this is unbelievable.
Yeah, but I haven't been given you very much.
Actually, you have.
This is a dream.
This is the way I like to do interviews.
I really like to have it more of an oral history kind of a thing to allow you to talk about the things that you do.
I have asked you a few questions, actually, of things that I'm interested in.
And I really, I'm...
conscious of the fact that I don't want to impose too much on your time.
But can I just ask you about these pictures?
Would it be possible at some point in the future to acquire reproductions of those pictures for the next book?
Yeah, of course I'm a pauper now when it comes to the procession of pictures for all of the Batman archives.
These are pictures specifically from your history of the book section, I think.
Yeah, that's right.
I looked into this
what we call the Bedman Paul.
Okay, that's fine, the dog.
Yeah.
And, for instance, reading was always my great passion and the first group of pictures that I assembled.
Those are wonderful.
Yeah, it's the Bedman Paul.
Great kind of.
This is, of course, totally overhauled now, overhauled.
I'm sorry, you mentioned earlier about collecting books for their illustrations, is that right?
Did you actually collect books for their illustrations?
No, rather the other way around.
Once I had the picture, I thought we must put this in the book.
But today this will always be on the computer.
I want something on the printing.
This was rather a nice venture.
For not only did people have to call me up and ask for a picture.
Oh, they're all over here.
Here they are, sure.
Yeah.
Oh, so this was kind of like a... A catalog.
A catalog that people could go in.
This was a catalog that they could go in and make a selection.
I mean, it was a double pincer.
We sold this thing for...
for twenty-five dollars, and then the people simply told us, even a photographer in Central Park or a woman in the middle of the Kodak, so they called us up, sent me twenty-eight, twenty-seven.
But that's now computerized.
It isn't, that's something.
Yeah.
And that's there for you.
Yeah, but you used the same picture that we did in a couple of two.
Yeah, I used the same picture in front of you, like that, so I don't want to.
I really could have saved you a lot of trouble.
I'm going to put that in the prologue, you know that?
I'm going to put that in the prologue of the next part.
I mean, all these pictures will come on.
I have no idea the letters.
I sent all over the world to get to you.
chased all around.
They had, you know, paper, and they had some sort of paper that was waterproof so that people could read in the bathroom.
That's wonderful.
I've got no way.
I'm actually going to shut this up.
I don't want to impose any further.
I wonder if it was kind of inscribed to those books that you gave to us, though.
I would be— No, I would be very fair of them.
We would be honored to add them to our— Sometimes when you inscribe a book, it's harder than you write it, isn't it?
I've taken a few pictures, by the way.
I hope you don't mind.
No, that's very kind, but I don't know.
My nose is powerful.
It's the same.
The same in sheets in the back.
That's the Levenger.
This is the reproduction of his neck.
Does it say that?
Oh, my God.
That's correct, yes.
Yeah.
That's the Durer engraving on the front.
Yeah, certainly.
In fact, the original one is right here.
I'll show you the lip there.
Find it.
First, the first signature photographs.
Here it is.
Can you find his book too?
Yes.
And you have all the peeps.
Yeah, right.
That's the actual, that's, he was the first fool of the whole Navy, but that's the Dasnan Shif.
There are a lot of pictures in there, there.
Probably.
Yeah.
That's on the guy's phone, I'm going to go.
Yeah, I'm going to go.
Unfortunately, it was translated by Boogang.
Did you ever come across it?
No, it's not in there.
I don't know that, no.
Yeah.
I've got to end this thing.
It's marvelous.
It's so well-written, enviously well-written, and yet has the basis of scholarship.
That's awesome.
It's talking about my book.
It's amazing.
I have a catalog.
I don't know if we have this one.
It's books that rarely are recognized, and I'm rather happy that you are on this list of distinguished books for
Well, you are going to be a prominent figure in our next book, which we hope to have allowed in three years.
We'll finish it in two, and we'll see it published in 1999.
Yeah, I hope I still have allowed.
Time is getting it shown.
You'll get the first copy.
And now engage, I just don't want to keep you too long.
I'm getting very nice looking at.
I'm just going to ask you to inscribe these books for us before we forget.
These are treasures for us.
You're collecting these now.
Yeah.
It's simply I'm taking old paintings, great paintings, not as pathetic achievements, but that they tell us about the life of women.
Motherhood, you know, and
And for what purpose are you collecting these now, Dan?
Yeah.
Just like a book?
Is this another book?
What they're doing, yeah.
They could be a book of this, but these are terribly expensive.
So you're still working as a writer?
You're not slowing down at all, are you?
He calls it holy.
Yeah, coming into the open.
Women only painted sideways and then slowly showing their face and starting to, committed to love.
Beautiful.
You know, one thing we haven't said, and I think we should, is that
You mentioned to me that the royalties from this book you have donated to the Library of Congress, which I think is really quite a remarkable gesture in your part.
Well, I don't know.
I just gave a talk at the Smithsonian a few weeks ago about my adventures.
The Smithsonian?
And in Washington?
Yeah.
I was there two weeks ago at the Library of Congress.
I was there after the Smithsonian, I'm sorry, the Smithsonian.
And I did the New York Public Library and the Grower Club and Harvard College a couple weeks ago, and the Roxburgh Club.
That's part of it.
They call you a modern renaissance man, who has mastered the art of reinventing himself.
How do you respond to that?
I don't know how.
I think that—and see, acquiring all these rights to these famous pictures, there's Truman holding the Dewey Beats Truman, the famous Marilyn Monroe
How did you acquire the rights?
These are already in the new era.
These are already pictures in the new Batman archive.
They come from the United Press.
Oh, they came from UTI.
Yeah.
I see.
And I think they made it a little bit too modern, but I have no credit for this.
Well, it's 12 o'clock, and I really don't want to pose too heavily on you.
No, I'm delighted, but I don't want to take too much.
But I said, oh, therefore, click by.
Okay, could you inscribe these for us before we go on?
Maybe I should think of something smart, and then we'll see you.
Okay, that would be wonderful.
Yeah, that would be wonderful.
I expect a new shipment of these.
We have a...
Actually, if you don't mind, I'd like to take them with me, because I'd like to read them.
I would, yeah.
Well, we have a lot of the time in the world, but we don't want to impose on your time.
We don't want to impose on your time.
We have—we're here.
I'll put this aside, so it'll affect them.
I'll help you put these books away, actually.
My poison is at three or four.
You had your doctorate in history.
Did you want to be a teacher?
Was teaching something that you aspired to?
No, I wanted to be more of a publisher.
As a matter of fact, my dissertation was on the book trade.
Every time he says something, I can't thank you enough for these books.
Well, it is nothing compared to your enormous achievement.
Well, I'm just so pleased that you're going to be part of the next book that we're doing.
Well, at the same time.
What is the occasion you were saying?
Of the book trade.
Of the German book trade?
Of the European?
Of the German.
That's okay.
Could you tell us just a little bit about it without—do you remember the title of it?
Yes, it's an impossible title.
The Development of Ideals in the Book Trade.
Development of Ideals in the Book Trade in Germany.
And I was really trying to decide to get into publishing.
So you wanted to be a publisher?
Yes.
As an editor, too, or mainly a publisher of books?
Well, you start as an editor, and you hope you can produce your books and sell.
I can find this at the Library of Congress, Dr. So you really don't have to look for it.
I'm sure they'll have it there.
I'm sure Harvard will have it.
I'll find it.
Not to worry.
I'm getting a little stiff, really.
.
I'm losing my touch.
What was the piece that you just played?
What was that piece?
It was a manuette from one of the piano suites.
And then I played with a friend on two pianos, you know, Bach, Roger,
all sorts of, even a concert for four pianos.
Wow.
We had so many children, they all played with them.
They're gorgeous, gorgeous, wonderful things.
That's wonderful.
I can't give them all too little time to it.
I thought I would have a little time.
You don't have a lifetime, apparently.
You've been very busy.
I probably call this retirement.
You have the works of Emerson, and Francis Parkman.
Oh, I wonder if these are firsts.
Those are wonderful.
Well, Francis Parkman.
See, you have the American historians here, Parkman, Prescott.
And Emerson, now it's very interesting that you have so much American literature here.
Yeah, well, I had a coffee with my wife, but when I bought these, I must admit, mainly for buying things, it seems to be the case for.
They bought them Russia in some
Very early.
There's a finished part, you know, the steam part.
That's right.
That's very nice.
I must go.
...the German bookcase, they have so much trouble with Lieblings, illegal Lieblings, how the German bookcase by some sort of unwritten...
the information that restrained me from illegal weapons.
And it was always a very remarkable bunch of German publishers, a very direct crime of human beings in professional, ethical, behavioral, fine sense of beauty,
We thought the Germans would in the French and the English.
And we are working on it.
My agent is working on it too.
We'll see what happens.
It's really a phenomenon.
Of course, most of the focus of part two is North America.
That kind of limits interest in part two.
Part two of the book is largely North America.
Part one is more individual.
We'll see.
I'm not worried about it.
It'll be out there.
Absolutely.
Well, I have to tell you something.
I grew up reading the New York Times and always wanted to be a writer and a journalist.
And I cannot tell you how I always remember seeing photo credits for Bettman Archives.
I've seen it thousands of times.
I've been sitting here with the man who created it.
It's really quite a place to be.
I mean, I study journalism.
It's just a crazy idea.
I never thought it would go in America.
But we are a picture mind that's really very intensely.
I think it's
German Kultur in quotation marks is a little more verbal.
From the early times, the whole invention of photography points to the need to see things rather than to recreate them verbally.
And also the fastness of pick-up, isn't it?
I mean, you see a picture of this famous Chinese saying.
I once gave a course here in
in pictorial research at the university.
The first thing they always throw at you was, one picture is worth a thousand pounds.
Do you agree with that?
No.
I think a world can be sometimes worth a thousand pictures.
That's wonderful.
Well, for Otto Beckmann to say that, I'm stunned.
Yes.
Norman Cousins made a statement about it.
He said that words have a way of wrapping thought up in three dimensions.
And pictures, you see them, they flutter by and they have no great impact in your thinking.
It was a strange thing that this one picture, the burning of the Hindenburg, that is a great feature now of the new Batman Archive, what happened, the activity, not the thinking, not the... So anyway, the next time I came to the classroom, they didn't agree with that at all.
The picture is a thing.
He had a big sign up, one picture is worth a thousand bucks.
That's wonderful.
Are you familiar with this phrase, interactive books now, where the, it's a computer phrase.
Yeah.
A person on the computer can interact with the text and do things.
Oh, really?
No, I didn't know that.
And, of course, they say, now, the first interactive books were probably books with pictures, where you interacted with pictures, or pop-up books, or movable books.
Yeah.
Well, it gives you the semblance of a new dimension of depth.
I don't know how much... But the book is still the text, though, I think.
Well, it's an expansion of thinking and of getting a better grasp of life.
But I still think the true living set life are better than books.
And computers just give you very much the surface.
Do you break chess?
You must break chess.
No, I don't really.
I know that there is a thinker scheme, isn't it?
You think like the principle of chess as an application to the way of living, isn't it?
I'm not a chess player myself, but I am certainly.
I wonder if you read the newspapers where a computer played the world champion chess player.
And I say, my answer to that is, so what?
I mean, this is supposed to be a human expression.
It's like trying to get a computer to compose music.
Cooking is what it sounds like.
It's not a human artistic expression.
It is the expression of a human soul, not a machine.
I think this whole computerized music is for the pearls.
One of the folks.
Do they have about the apprehension and comprehension of life that the computer takes over?
It sounds very old-fashioned and remote.
As I told you, they objected to printing too, but the Master had the five students of the
of the depths of thinking.
It was an auditory culture.
They only had their memory before.
You mentioned auditory.
Did the Bettman archive ever do anything with recordings at all?
Did your archive ever do anything with recordings or was it all visual?
I should have shown you how I cut up the world, almost like a decimal system, a systematized book.
So I developed a book, almost a book, with all the different categories.
M was medicine, and M was anesthesia, or poons, or, and then, naturally very difficult now, the geographical things, 47, France, Germany, Morocco, and so on.
That was one of the merits of the archive, and that has enormously grown.
This new country is popping up every few weeks.
It was kind of a time saver.
People came in and people told me how food is.
Washington on a white horse.
I go to the library and get a food store.
So I said, my good man, how long will it take you?
And here they called up and I looked at the animals.
I have a pedigree in here.
This is Minutes.
We had some pictorial documents.
It was interesting.
The library of Congress collection, of course, of
The photographic art is extraordinary.
They have many, many millions of images, as you know.
And this photo collection at the University of Texas in Austin, the Humanities, which we write about, they have an extraordinary photographic collection in Austin, Texas.
And actually, I'm surprised they didn't try and buy the Bettman archive before Bill Gates did.
That would have...
How many generations does your family go back and lightsaber?
My father was a dude.
He probably came from the Rheinland, from the West.
And then they said, I don't know what was made, it's true in a very small town in Turingia.
In the middle, it's a very beautiful part of the country.
More architecture here.
Thankfully, I humbly started with a little inn.
I think they are always lying.
I think I am sure there is some talent in the one teacher town, you know, there was a thing.
They missed the schoolmaster.
He talked until they were sent to a big city, to a commission.
My father seen me shoot some interest and some lessons.
He really was supported to go to the university by the American and French.
He could never have done it otherwise.
And then he went to Luxburg in Bavaria and
The physicist professor was a man by the name of Holken, Wilhelm Holken.
He was an inventor of the X-rays.
Your father was a professor.
My father became a father who was his assistant for a time.
He was an inventor, that's right.
His father became his assistant.
Your father was making his assistant?
And then there was a very, very, very... The angels, they had no idea that he could be terribly destroyed.
So my father constructed it early in all his life.
He put these terrible wounds that he had to...
I mean, he died for it, finally, when he was 70.
But to see that this turned around, I mean, there we thought it was kind of a joke.
When we had a children's party, we always went downstairs to...
They could show them how much money they had in the... So they used it as a... It was amazing, yeah.
They had said that it's good to come, you know, for the use of it.
Wow.
That's a little idea, there was... the X-rays...
One has to take through a different method of instrumentarium.
So the Father was a researcher as well as a surgeon.
It must have been magical.
It's scary when you think of how dangerous it is.
I didn't understand how dangerous they went to Florida.
It was very sarcastic.
Marie Curie was first working with radium and all that.
That killed her.
I think her husband...
Was this a team of forces?
A team of forces?
The greatest thing ever.
I'll look it up.
Tauchnitz?
Tauchnitz editions.
And they were the first pocketbooks, basically.
They were really the first pocketbooks for the German book trade.
It was very strict in book design.
And he wanted a classical book also in classical form.
So they...
The book of art was very highly developed in Germany.
And this man had simply taught it because in the 1840s.
Then the Germans were great Anglophiles.
My mother spoke English very well.
We had an English nurse, friends, Miss Harris.
I don't know how Enoch came over here.
He found a cichlid here.
And then the others, the grave, the grave, I think what's his name?
And they died up with Simon & Schuster.
What's the prophecy?
It's all part of that thing.
Yes, there was a book published on this about this whole wave of what these people brought to this country in terms of intellect, in terms of industry,
enterprise and how much of a great benefit to this country.
The real great ones, the scientists.
Einstein?
In a way, yes.
There's a book about it.
It's called Chased Out of Paradise.
We just thought we have this book.
I think I have a paragraph in there too.
But very modestly.
Exiled in Paradise.
And I just wrote another book.
Why are you interested in this?
You seem to observe the American...
attracts you to this new promise.
I'm interested in the transmission of knowledge, and how knowledge in not just texts, but knowledge migrates, and this wave of thoughts, of linguals,
that came here enriched this country.
I mean, Hitler sent these people here, and we are the great beneficiaries of Hitler, and political fraud, and, well, it's extraordinary.
I want to trace this, not just through books, but through texts.
Well, because we are a conglomeration of different people, our grandparents, people in Greece, my grandparents, my grandparents,
They bring something, but they get something too.
That's wonderful.
Well, you must be far away from an emigre celebration.
I don't speak.
I don't speak Greek, unfortunately.
I only speak English, which is a loss.
I wish I did.
Now, how was your English when you moved here?
My friends who came a year before left at it took me immediately to NYU.
They had started
uh, cause English photographers at NYU to, uh, kind of catch up.
I had no idea they would.
They'd put in this before they came, so that was a major month ago.
A very multi-lingual, actually.
Here's a question for you, where did you keep all the pictures?
How are the images?
Well, they were all a minute or rather than a minute or two.
Of course I started out with one filing cabinet and now they have made it.
It's simple.
Oh, and I...
was famous as a picture for a veil.
The people were always excited about pictures.
And they had some very nice standards.
A picture must have certain qualities.
I got so many offers of pictures.
Mr. Tasman, you must see my grandfather's pictures of Spanish Americans.
And then it was when it stuck so far away that you couldn't see much, but these people all thought they had to take pressures on their hands.
There were certain criteria for a good picture, for signs, for usability, for a needed impact.
Did you judge them all individually?
Well, you said the pictures went trampling over my desk.
I threw too many pictures of it.
My girls came out of this after hours and picked by four of these and wanted to found a new Batman archive.
Is that what threw them away?
Yes, I think we are much too uncritical.
We have learned how to pick the best and certain principles of
picture quality that I have.
I don't know about some strange hunch that I have no proper claim to special marriage.
He always said that my pictures were selected with a certain sense of humor.
One man even
I don't know, there's something that my picture says.
It's a kind of unusual aspect of reality.
It's kind of funny, isn't it?
They could recognize a Batman picture on the blindfold.
Yeah, they see that they are much better or worse than any other pictures.
I have a certain general concept of what people want to see and what they want to read.
This was simply embedded in me.
I had no particular mind to boast about it.
Another man told me when he gave him a little tour of the Batman Archive, and he really knew that I was a great admirer of Bach.
He said, I mean, a very strict order that I insisted on.
He said, there's a lot of Bach in the Batman Archive.
Well, that sounds very good, but...
I wish it had been too.
I believe you have to throw a lot of stuff out, but it's a whole venue.
It's not only for the venue.
I'm somewhat like a writer.
A writer has to throw away a lot of stuff for him.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He wants me and said, this paper is a writer's pen.
This paper.
Did you have many competitors after a while?
No, I had one competitor, Calvert Service.
He was very well known, he had wonderful stuff.
He was really superior to me, for he was here in the great days of Audrey, and he was very good in early the agriculture.
They're still in existence, but somehow I...
He's got a little bit ahead of him by being a little more for St.
Babbitt or I don't know what.
And there's something, I guess,
earned in the Germans, they are many obnoxious, but they are the way systematic ways.
It sounds as though your filing system enabled you to satisfy a custom very easily.
I talked their language a little more than others.
They are all abusive people and they want to save time.
So my offerings were a little bit already in the language of tutorialism and the traffic justice.
You knew, you had this vision.
You had this vision.
People told you that you were filling with these chunks of photos.
But you had an idea that this concert would do, yeah.
I don't know, that was simply laughter.
I had to make a living somehow.
I went through a very hard time.
My daughter, Beverly, who's now, is a slobber, too.
She was one of my sisters, and her husband, who was from the archive, and my son, Mel, who came out of your family, and they all, I must admit, sitting pretty now.
And they worked with you in the business?
Yes, yes.
But we moved from a cellar, evacuated coal cellar, to a building on 57th Street.
It was such a place and it's right on the river.
So I could walk to my office.
I must admit I became a 24 hour work.
My wife, my dearly, she did an awful lot of stuff.
My Americanist niece had a school, we were in front of his mother, but then she was asked about her husband.
He called my husband, laughing very clearly, but he always sits at the desk.
I was a real German.
Spending for our work.
And I must admit Germans are more... How about a little something for your sweets today, everybody?
Yeah, this is good.
And I don't know, I asked it.
Well, maybe I should have a little decaf.
Decaf?
Yes.
To any way, but what I should is interest to, these are all right.
This is all right.
Did you process pictures?
Did you have a dark room too or did you send all that out?
You really finally, I started in my bedroom.
In my bathroom was my dark room.
I washed the pictures in there and squeezed them.
metal plates.
It started in a very small, very small vein.
I always doubted whether I would make it during the beginning of World War II.
I went to Washington and wanted to get a job with a single throat.
My wife also was always a supporter.
She ran a teacher.
for the 57th year.
It worked out with understanding and fairly simple life.
But we had a little house up in New England always with recreation.
And then
But this is not really the theme of your book.
I'd like to know as much as I can.
You're part of the theme, actually.
But I couldn't imagine living in another country.
This one week that I spent it in Germany, I was most unhappy.
It's the best place in the world, no doubt about it.
Even if you don't have Goethe or Schiller or one of these German rivals.
How did you come on the idea of licensing the pictures, of acquiring the rights?
Well, you know, that is a very questionable thing.
After all these pictures that you find in the picture magazine like Harper's Weekly,
Ah, not copyrighted.
Copyrighted, you can copyright a picture only for 40 years, then it becomes public domain.
I don't know how Mr. Gates is going to solve this problem.
So my field of collecting was rather limited.
We went from Adam and Eve to about 1910.
And he has now...
So I protected myself by the fact that it is common right, I can tell you if you want a picture
of Washington.
Here is a picture, but I give it to you under the condition that if you use it, you must pay me.
It is property right, not copyright.
Very interesting.
It has already...
Stirred up some dust and it has been rightly, rightly discussed only.
It is catching the user, really based on copyright.
And there's also a question of... Whether he can own the copyright.
The question of whether he can own the copyright of an old image.
Once it's escaped across the copyright page, you... He's out of luck.
There's some sort of fresh coffee coming deep after just a second.
Anyway, I do a lot of talk.
So actually, the service that you offered was, you had the pictures that they wanted, but they didn't even know they existed.
There was always fear on their part, you see.
Sometimes stole a picture, whether I had any right to it anyway.
There was a stamp in fact, you know, that said, you'll be giving you this picture on the condition that you dare see.
I don't know how strong it is.
Oh, please, I couldn't leave.
I never... You never had to?
Hmm?
Did you ever have to go to work?
No, I didn't.
Maybe I wasn't going to come up under that.
Maybe I didn't know.